[SEIN] I'm traveling
with you for this.
c0000001
An old friend.
c0000002
He left my village
ten years ago,
c0000003
and it's time we saw
each other again.
c0000004
Did you figure out
where Gorilla went?
c0000005
Yeah. Tur.
c0000006
[SEIN] It's a trading city
in the middle
c0000007
of the Northern Lands.
c0000008
[FRIEREN] That's a long way
to the east from here.
c0000009
And in the exact
opposite direction of Auberst.
c0000010
Yeah.
c0000011
Frieren.
c0000012
I came with you on this journey
for a chance to find him.
c0000013
I know that.
c0000014
The sun is going to set
any minute now.
c0000015
Can't this decision wait
until the morning?
c0000016
I asked the villagers
about a cabin.
c0000017
They have one free,
and it's all ours.
c0000018
[FRIEREN] Thank you.
c0000019
♪
c0000020
I come bearing firewood.
c0000021
And I come bearing dinner.
You're all very welcome.
c0000022
My hands are freezing.
c0000023
[FRIEREN]
It has gotten rather cold out.
c0000024
My goodness.
c0000025
I'm impressed.
This might be a new record.
c0000026
[shivering]
c0000027
[STARK] Let me see.
c0000028
You really weren't kidding.
They're icicles.
c0000029
[FERN] Aren't they?
c0000030
Oof.
[chuckles]
c0000031
[screams]
c0000032
You're a monster!
c0000033
[FRIEREN]
Definitely a new record.
c0000034
[STARK] Yeah.
They're frozen.
c0000035
Ridiculous.
c0000036
[FERN] It's snowing.
c0000037
Will we need to wait for winter
to pass this time around?
c0000038
[FRIEREN] Well, this time there
aren't any steep mountains
c0000039
for us to cross.
c0000040
Unless a serious blizzard
blows our way,
c0000041
we should be all right.
c0000042
[FERN] Looks serious.
c0000043
[SEIN] Yup, that, it does.
[STARK] Does indeed.
c0000044
[MALE CABIN OWNER 17A]
In this region,
c0000045
a wave so strong
could last an entire month.
c0000046
I don't recommend
venturing far.
c0000047
Feel free to use the cabin
until it passes over.
c0000048
It's up to you, Sein.
Should we try and leave?
c0000049
You already know
the answer to that.
c0000050
So, we're stuck here
until the cold lets up.
c0000051
Sure seems like it.
c0000052
[FRIEREN] At least
we're trapped in a place
c0000053
with bars and shops.
c0000054
The cabin's large.
c0000055
Better than that mountaintop
hovel we stayed in before.
c0000056
And more important
than anything else,
c0000057
this village has
a lovely magic shop
c0000058
run by a shady old man.
c0000059
[FRIEREN] In my experience,
shops like those often have
c0000060
legendary-level spells
lurking in the shadows.
c0000061
This delay should give me
ample time
c0000062
to explore it's depths.
c0000063
Legendary-level magic?
c0000064
Have you already run
into some spells like that?
c0000065
[FRIEREN] Mm-hmm.
c0000066
We found one great spell
to get rid of mold,
c0000067
and another to eradicate
those tough oil stains.
c0000068
[FERN] Incredible.
c0000069
[chuckles]
c0000070
[FERN] Find more.
c0000071
Those little spells have been
nothing short of life changing.
c0000072
They sound more like
granny's tips and tricks.
c0000073
In any case, all we can do now
is wait it out.
c0000074
To underestimate the winters
of the Northern Lands
c0000075
is to die a bitter death
c0000076
[FERN] Truly.
c0000077
It almost cost us Mister Stark,
c0000078
but that lesson
has been learned.
c0000079
[SEIN] I'm from
the Northern Lands, remember?
c0000080
I've known that since birth.
c0000081
Well, then.
c0000082
Looks like our time together
c0000083
hasn't quite run out yet
after all.
c0000084
♪
c0000085
[MALE CABIN OWNER] This wave
should be blowing over soon.
c0000086
Before long, you adventurers
can continue on your journey.
c0000087
Yeah, I guess you're right.
c0000088
Oh, no.
c0000089
We didn't spend any of our
"time together" together.
c0000090
[FRIEREN] Sein?
[SEIN] Huh?
c0000091
May I borrow you?
c0000092
Must be something important.
c0000093
Not often you see Frieren
at a tavern.
c0000094
Fern and Stark are acting more
strangely than they usually do.
c0000095
I believe
that they're fighting.
c0000096
Could you mediate?
c0000097
It doesn't cost me to say yes.
c0000098
But why was I
your first thought?
c0000099
Because being a peacemaker
is more of a priest job.
c0000100
[SEIN] Is it?
c0000101
[whining]
c0000102
What a sorry state of affairs.
c0000103
Hey. So, who did what to whom?
c0000104
It was all
Mister Stark's fault.
c0000105
Yup. Always has been,
always will be.
c0000106
[SEIN] We won't get anywhere
like this.
c0000107
I need to speak with
each of you, one at a time.
c0000108
[grunts]
c0000109
[sighs]
c0000110
So, what happened in there?
c0000111
You remember that time
Fern touched my cheek?
c0000112
When we first arrived here,
c0000113
and her hands
were record-level cold?
c0000114
Oh, yeah. I remember.
c0000115
Well, today I tried to get her
back for it,
c0000116
and she didn't like
that too much.
c0000117
[SEIN] Come on,
are you a child?
c0000118
[Sein sighs]
c0000119
I've known my share of women,
c0000120
and none of them've welcomed
an uninvited hand to the face.
c0000121
[SEIN] What do you
want to do about it?
c0000122
I'd like to make up with her
if I can.
c0000123
Listen, Stark.
c0000124
Unlike me, you're actually
a good person at your core.
c0000125
Be honest and tell her
how you feel.
c0000126
If you want to make up
with the girl,
c0000127
then you're gonna have
to be the one to tell her that.
c0000128
You're a big boy now, and
Frieren's not one to mediate.
c0000129
Yeah. Trust me, I know.
c0000130
I'll apologize to Fern.
c0000131
[SEIN] Stark feels bad
about what he did.
c0000132
He's just a dumb kid.
c0000133
And he didn't mean you
any harm.
c0000134
I'm sure you're right.
c0000135
I think that I'm ready
to apologize.
c0000136
I was stubborn.
c0000137
I'm the one who started it all
in the first place.
c0000138
I don't even mind the fact
that he touched me.
c0000139
It's just,
the arm he used to restrain
c0000140
my shoulder was so strong.
c0000141
[FERN] I guess I was startled
and a little scared.
c0000142
[SEIN] Do you not like Stark?
c0000143
Why would you ever ask
such a thing?
c0000144
Does it seem that way?
c0000145
Go. Tell him he shouldn't be
grabbing you with full force
c0000146
and make up with him.
c0000147
Be gentler with me, please.
c0000148
[STARK] I'm sorry.
c0000149
Those two
should just date already!
c0000150
I'm not sure
what you did in there,
c0000151
but I can tell that you worked
your very hardest, Sein.
c0000152
[FRIEREN] Thanks for the help.
Good job.
c0000153
[smiles]
c0000154
[SEIN] You know, Frieren,
c0000155
you're the only one who still
praises me like I'm a kid.
c0000156
That's because you are a kid.
c0000157
Eh. I suppose it isn't
all that bad.
c0000158
[SEIN] Hey. I've been thinking
about something.
c0000159
Why do you trouble yourself
with the likes of me?
c0000160
I still don't know why you
invited me to travel with you.
c0000161
[MALE TOWNSPERSON 17B]
Should I try again?
c0000162
Must be my aversion
to my own kind.
c0000163
The way you refused
to go on an adventure?
c0000164
It reminded me of myself
c0000165
before I left to defeat
the Demon King.
c0000166
[FRIEREN]
That angered me.
c0000167
When something angers me,
I don't cart it across the map.
c0000168
I'm not certain,
c0000169
but I think what I really
wanted deep down
c0000170
was to give you a reason.
c0000171
[SEIN]
What does that mean?
c0000172
If he had been there,
c0000173
it's what Himmel the Hero
would've done.
c0000174
Come, Frieren.
Take my hand.
c0000175
Let me be your reason
to go on a journey.
c0000176
They gave me courage
to go into the world
c0000177
I'd long hidden from.
c0000178
They also taught me the joy
of spending time with friends.
c0000179
Tell me, Sein.
c0000180
[FRIEREN]
Have you felt that joy?
c0000181
Yeah.
c0000182
[SEIN]
This has been a lot of fun.
c0000183
♪
c0000184
I'll change the world
like Himmel.
c0000185
I'll be an unforgettable hero.
c0000186
Don't dwell in the past
when you have the present.
c0000187
Trust me.
c0000188
Since intent couldn't be
assured with a look or a touch,
c0000189
I decided to trust her words.
c0000190
[STUBBORN] Gorilla talked
about you all the time.
c0000191
His friend, Goatee Priest.
c0000192
He said the two of you
would become heroes
c0000193
whose names would be
remembered forever. Foolish.
c0000194
♪
c0000195
[inhales]
c0000196
[exhales]
c0000197
[SEIN] I'm not going to live
with regrets anymore.
c0000198
I've decided to go
after Gorilla.
c0000199
[FRIEREN] I figured as much.
c0000200
You all take care.
c0000201
[FRIEREN] See you later.
c0000202
[SEIN] Later.
c0000203
That must've been the quickest
goodbye I've ever seen.
c0000204
Well, unlike you two,
our friend Sein is an adult.
c0000205
I'm sure he'll be fine.
c0000206
[SEIN] It gets quiet fast
when you're on your own.
c0000207
♪
c0000208
[Stark (song) humming]
c0000209
Huh? Really?
c0000210
[STARK] That's strange.
She'd usually be up by now.
c0000211
We have been walking
a lot recently.
c0000212
I guess she's worn out.
c0000213
[blows]
c0000214
[slurps]
c0000215
Eh. It's good enough.
c0000216
Hey, your breakfast
is ready, Fern.
c0000217
Get up or I'll eat it.
c0000218
Huh? Hello?
c0000219
[breathing heavily]
c0000220
Hey, Frieren? I need help.
c0000221
[groans]
c0000222
Just gimme twelve more hours.
c0000223
Yeah right. Not even you could
sleep for that long.
c0000224
I'm worried Fern
might not be feeling so good.
c0000225
[snoring]
c0000226
[sighs]
c0000227
C'mon.
c0000228
[snoring]
c0000229
You're a monster.
c0000230
Oh, seems you have a fever.
c0000231
What you need is warmth
and rest.
c0000232
Let's see.
c0000233
[FRIEREN]
Hmm. That's odd.
c0000234
[STARK] I got some water.
c0000235
[FRIEREN] Found it.
c0000236
Huh? What is that?
c0000237
Sein left us these notes.
c0000238
Should shed some light on herbs
around here.
c0000239
Aw, thanks, Sein.
c0000240
Magic will help identify
her ailment,
c0000241
and this book
will help find the cure.
c0000242
I thought
identifying sicknesses
c0000243
was the magic of the Goddess.
c0000244
Before, you said only someone
c0000245
with a holy scripture
could cast it.
c0000246
That's exactly why I keep
a scripture on hand.
c0000247
-What?
-Huh?
c0000248
[STARK]
You're using it as a pot stand?
c0000249
[FRIEREN] I may not be cut
from priestly cloth,
c0000250
but even I can identify
simple illnesses.
c0000251
The complex ones
are a different story.
c0000252
Reassuring.
c0000253
[FRIEREN]
Good. It's just a cold.
c0000254
Now to determine
which herbs to forage for.
c0000255
Thinking back, I seem to recall
a place nearby
c0000256
where I gathered herbs
with Himmel and the others.
c0000257
[STARK] Sounds good.
c0000258
But first, let's get her
someplace out of the cold.
c0000259
[FRIEREN] Smart thinking.
c0000260
[cow mooing]
c0000261
Oh?
c0000262
[STARK]
You're a lifesaver, ma'am.
c0000263
I didn't think that anybody
c0000264
lived this deep
in the mountains.
c0000265
There was a village here
when I stopped by before.
c0000266
That village hasn't been around
for decades.
c0000267
It was a prestigious
little spot, you know.
c0000268
The hero himself
even paid it a visit once!
c0000269
Please, feel free
to make yourselves at home.
c0000270
Thank you.
c0000271
There's a tree near here, yes?
c0000272
A great icicle cherry blossom?
c0000273
Yes. Just a bit to the north.
c0000274
I must warn you, though,
it can be tricky to get to.
c0000275
We can manage.
c0000276
[FRIEREN]
I've been there before.
c0000277
[FEMALE VILLAGER 17A] Well,
I'll be working if you need me.
c0000278
We're going to go gather
some ingredients.
c0000279
We'll be back
with your medicine soon.
c0000280
You haven't let go of her hand
once since we got here.
c0000281
[FRIEREN] Because she seems
to be in pain.
c0000282
When Fern is under
the weather,
c0000283
nothing makes her feel
better than holding her hand.
c0000284
She's been that way
since she was little.
c0000285
[FRIEREN] What's wrong?
c0000286
Mistress Frieren,
you're embarrassing me.
c0000287
How so?
c0000288
[FERN] You're treating me
like a child,
c0000289
which I am not.
c0000290
[FRIEREN] I see. You're right.
c0000291
In two years, she'll be
a full-fledged grown up.
c0000292
Not long ago, she only came up
right to here on me.
c0000293
I found myself feeling
rather tall in those days.
c0000294
That sure didn't last.
c0000295
Honestly, in my heart,
c0000296
Fern's still that same
little girl.
c0000297
I picture her as a child.
c0000298
[FRIEREN]
Probably always will.
c0000299
Aw, Frieren.
c0000300
We had better hurry up
and gather those herbs, then.
c0000301
[smiles]
c0000302
[STARK] Yeah.
c0000303
♪
c0000304
[FRIEREN]
We should reach the icicle
c0000305
cherry blossom tree soon.
c0000306
[STARK] Do we need
any more ingredients?
c0000307
Or is the blossom the last one?
c0000308
Sort of. What we want
is the mushrooms
c0000309
that grow at the base.
c0000310
[gasps]
c0000311
Gorgeous. I so wish
we could've shown Fern.
c0000312
[FRIEREN] These might be
my favorite flowers
c0000313
that bloom in winter.
c0000314
They're quite poisonous,
though, so be careful.
c0000315
Hey, what was the deal
with you holding her hand?
c0000316
Normally, you don't treat Fern
that much like a kid.
c0000317
It was never my intention
to baby her.
c0000318
I simply held her hand
because it looked like
c0000319
she was hurting.
c0000320
[FRIEREN] All these years,
and that's only way
c0000321
I know to relieve her pain.
c0000322
What do you suppose I should've
done to help instead?
c0000323
I think you have to go
with your gut
c0000324
when it comes
to things like that.
c0000325
At least, that's what my master
always did.
c0000326
Everybody needs some kind of
emotional support, don't they?
c0000327
No one in their right mind
would push away
c0000328
a shoulder to lean on.
c0000329
Huh?
c0000330
[groaning]
c0000331
What do you think you're doing?
c0000332
You were groaning a bit.
c0000333
Sickness can make us
feel so helpless.
c0000334
I lost my mother
when I was young,
c0000335
but she used to hold my hand
just like this.
c0000336
[HIMMEL]
It's strangely calming.
c0000337
You're treating me
the way you would a child?
c0000338
It isn't just children
c0000339
who need the occasional dose
of emotional support.
c0000340
Is it bothering you?
c0000341
[inhales and exhales]
c0000342
I don't suppose so.
c0000343
[inhales]
c0000344
It isn't all that bad.
c0000345
I try to be kind.
Amplifies my beauty.
c0000346
Please be quiet.
c0000347
[door opens]
c0000348
At last! Medicine's ready.
c0000349
Fern was only embarrassed
because I was there.
c0000350
So don't feel bad.
c0000351
Of course
she didn't want me to see.
c0000352
It could risk her whole
tough girl facade.
c0000353
Thanks for your insight, Stark.
c0000354
I'll "go with my gut,"
as you say.
c0000355
[FRIEREN]
To repay you for your kindness,
c0000356
I vow to hold your hand
the next time you get sick.
c0000357
Please don't.
That's embarrassing.
c0000358
[FRIEREN] Enough chat.
Time to gather some mushrooms.
c0000359
Heave, ho!
c0000360
That thing is way too big!
Freaky!
c0000361
[FRIEREN] Now we just add
the other ingredients,
c0000362
and mix slowly and steadily
until it's combined.
c0000363
You look like a witch!
Actually freaky!
c0000364
[FRIEREN] Open wide, Fern.
c0000365
Thanks for the help, young man.
c0000366
You're good at that.
c0000367
[chuckles]
You think so?
c0000368
[FRIEREN] It's all right.
You'll feel better soon.
c0000369
Mistress Frieren,
I'm not a child anymore.
c0000370
[FRIEREN] I know.
c0000371
That much is clear.
c0000372
[smiles]
c0000373
[FEMALE VILLAGER 17A] Take care
of yourselves out there, okay?
c0000374
We will, ma'am!
Thank you for everything!
c0000375
You're looking a lot better.
c0000376
Thanks to a combination
of you two,
c0000377
Mister Sein's
very generous notes, and her.
c0000378
I couldn't have picked
a better spot to get sick.
c0000379
[FERN]
I was in the best of hands.
c0000380
Right. Come along, now.
c0000381
Off to the city of magic.
Auberst awaits.
c0000382
♪
c0000383
[LERNEN] Might I take
a look at that?
c0000384
[FALSCH]
This year's test-takers
c0000385
seem rather exceptional.
c0000386
[FERN] I can't do this alone.
c0000387
[FRIEREN] Don't call me an old
c0000388
mage.
[SENSE] I don't.
c0000389
[GENAU] The first-class
mage exam will now begin.